Today I will show you how to make a Portfolio like this. Go to my github and follow the steps in the video
(link embedded in footer name)
Lets Begin. Scroll down and click on Deploy to Netlify
Now we will connect github to our site and set up a repository name for it
Click on the link to view your site
In the URL add /admin/# to enter the content manager
Loading...
Here is where we can edit page content
Remove the text and add your own
Refresh all pages associated with it your site
Now watch and learn how to add an Image to your post
Now I will show you how to change the header title. (Go to github)
Select '_config.yml' file to make the changes
Commit changes then go back and refresh your site
Now watch how to change author names
Click on a post to see the changes